Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
You're in the How to Produce a
QuickTime Listening Party session.
And basically,
the concept of an online listening
party was derived from the idea
that bands and labels would invite
a number of folks to create an event
out of the release of an album.
And with the sort of advent
of streaming live on the web,
it's translated off as a marketing
vehicle and a way to sort of
have fans listen to records.
We're lucky enough to have
several great speakers today,
some who flew from
Los Angeles from Warner Records,
and some other folks from our
QuickTime team that delivers a lot
of listening parties for labels,
as well as one of our server
engineers who's going to give
you a sneak peek into how this is
going to be even easier and better.
We're going to save QA for
the end of the show,
and if you do want to ask a question,
please use the microphone as
all of the questions need to
be translated into Japanese,
and we'll be happy to answer them.
Thank you.
[Transcript missing]
Glenn went a little bit of
what a listening party is.
Going back a little further,
the olden days,
they had record release parties.
And it would be an event
basically for industry people,
retailers, media, to get them all around,
to liquor them up and hand them copies
of the CD or vinyl at that time,
and get a good word
spread about the release.
The industry doesn't make
quite as much money anymore,
so I think that goes away.
And it's also probably not that effective
a way of marketing your product.
So with the Internet,
getting the actual customers
to be involved in the record
release is a pretty good thing,
rather than the people that are going
to be getting the CD for free anyways.
So there's two basic types of listening
parties as they've evolved into today.
One would be for longer
duration kind of exposure.
And if we could go to...
The Dev Machine One.
Example of this on our
site is a new artist,
a product by an artist
called Weekend Players,
came out earlier this year,
end of last year.
And it's not going to get any airplay,
MTV is not going to play it,
but it's the type of thing where we
feel if a customer can listen to it
enough time and really get into it,
it's a really good groove.
It's been persistent on the dance
charts and people are really liking it.
But it's not the type of,
it's not a huge event.
It's the kind of thing that we
really want people to be able
to come whenever they want to,
listen to the album in full,
and really get into it.
And so when you go to this site,
the Listening Party player
will pop up automatically.
You can listen to it.
That's not good.
It puts you around tracks.
You can hear the entire thing played.
[Transcript missing]
Or I guess go to the Apple Store and
buy it for $9.99 probably.
Though, this is hip-hop and you
probably couldn't find it there.
The way we produce and
present these things,
the longer term experience,
we do the track by track.
We really want you to be
able to get into the music.
And it's been very successful for
bands like the Flaming Lips was an
example of Warner Brothers Records,
I think.
And I'm very,
very happy with that online listening
party where people can come at any time,
listen to the entire album,
track by track,
pick the tracks that they wanted to hear.
And it really helped grow the grassroots
of the Flaming Lips release and the
sales grew and people found out about it.
It was a really good way.
What we generally do on rhino.com
where it's more of a just,
hey, these are songs you
already know probably.
Here it is in a good collection,
listen to it.
We create one stream, one file.
It's not track by track,
it just streams from the
beginning to the end.
We tell you what the tracks
are in the listening party,
but because of,
it might be a six CD box set that
we're doing a listening party
of and that would be a very,
very large streaming file.
So we'll pick out 10 to 20 tracks
and tell you what those are and
then you can click on the next one.
And you can click to the product
to see what the full track list.
Another reason why it might not be
a full track list in a listening
party is the artist doesn't
want you to hear everything.
Or in our case,
there's often licensing issues where one
track is owned by a different company
and they won't allow us to put up that
track in a listening party without going
through complicated legal maneuvers.
It's just not worth it.
In terms of promotion,
how we get these and in
general how it's out there,
we've got our own internal email lists,
genre of the store.
We go to partners or
purchase email lists.
And then we also try and integrate
the best we can with other on-site
events or on-site communication,
and then any off-site communication
that we can to tell people about it.
The thing of particular interest
is the lessons that we've learned
We've been doing these for
the past four years or so,
five years.
It's very important to
pay attention to ROI,
to return on investment.
And there are a bunch of different
ways to look at returns of listening
parties and all online opportunities.
There's the basic one,
the product exposure,
just letting people know that it exists.
So that the next time they're in
Best Buy or Tower or Walmart and
they see it on the shelves,
they spot it, they recognize it,
they're interested in it,
they'll go and look at
it and hopefully buy it.
Of particular interest
to us is brand awareness,
because as Rhino.com,
as the collection of the catalog,
we want people to know about Rhino.com.
almost as much as we want people to
know about the individual product.
We want people to know more
about the store and the
entire catalog that we've got.
We want people to return to our website,
not just for this promotion,
but for anything else.
We want to gather email addresses.
We want to make this sale.
We want return sales.
All of these things
aren't that hard to track,
but they're generally forgotten.
They're generally not considered
when a listening party is created,
and oh my God, we got it out,
and 50,000 people came
in to listen to it.
Isn't that great and wonderful?
We did a promotion.
that, due to circumstances,
happened to be promoted by
Apple for a little longer than
we could have even hoped for.
And we got a ton of traffic in.
We didn't make any sales.
There were other ways that we valued it
so that it was a profitable promotion
for us in sort of our soft returns.
But these are the important
things to know about because
production costs and hosting,
streaming costs, you know,
having a ton of people come listen to
your album ain't necessarily a great
thing if you're not making any money
off of them or not converting them,
not converting that stream in
anything that you value at all.
You know, at the end of the month,
this very large hosting bill for
people that don't remember the album,
will never come back, never buy it,
you know, it might be great to be able to
tell your boss in a marketing
report that 50,000 people a day
came in and listened to something.
But it's even better to say that--and
that converted into 20,000 email signups
and then 10,000 return visits and
3,000 purchases and so on and so forth.
And what we found is very often a much
smaller but far more focused promotion is
a lot more effective than creating this
big event for the sake of creating a big
event and telling all these big partners
about it and getting Yahoo and Apple and
everyone else to get all excited about
it and get in front of millions of
people that couldn't care less and
just have no reason to be interested
in what you're trying to promote.
You'd be far better off spending
a little extra time finding the
people that want this and finding
out what they actually want from it.
And it could be what
we found in some cases,
the real hardcore fans of a
particular release that we've got,
they don't need the
entire Listening Party.
They know most of the songs already.
They need other information.
I don't want to stand up here and say
that the Listening Party is a bad idea.
But it's definitely one of the things.
One of the things that we've learned over
the years is just having something up and
going is not necessarily a good thing.
We think the next step in new media,
record label new media marketing
is to be able to figure out your
returns and what's effective
and what's not effective.
And so that we stop wasting our
time and do things that are really
worth it and worth it to the fans
and finding out what they want.
And... And that's
what's valuable to them.
So... That's it for me.
And then...
George Lydecker, part of
Warner Music Group Studio Services.
Thanks, man.
Thank you.
If I could have the -- oh,
we've got it already.
I think we're good.
We're good.
Hey, that's me.
I'm George Lydecker.
I'm Senior Director of
Studio Services for
Warner Brother Records,
now Warner Music Group.
And I'm going to give you kind of a
little bit of an overview of what's
behind the covers on preparing
the content that these people
need for doing listening parties
and to do all the other content,
audio content.
We're in charge of preparing all of that.
So I'll give you a quick
walkthrough of that,
of our current content creation process.
By the way,
our group also created all the content
that you're using on the iTunes,
at least from the
Warner Music Group perspective.
Part of what we do is that our audio
ingest process is currently integrated
with the manufacture of physical product
as well as all of the online product.
Everything we do is 100%
QC'd and 100% listened to.
We feel that the quality of the audio
is very important and that every encode
and everything that we ever produce,
if it's not of the best quality,
it's not good for the consumer.
The other part of it that most
people don't think about when they're
making content is the accuracy of the
metadata and all of the associated
things that go along with it.
And part of what we have to deliver
to anybody in the form of online
content is all of the graphics,
all of the album art,
all of the metadata, the track listings,
the UPC numbers, the ISRC numbers.
All of those things are very
important that go along with it.
In an earlier session,
we were talking about enhanced CDs,
and there was a complaint
about liner notes.
We're strategically placing ourselves
in a position to have that content
ready for when people ask for it,
so that if there's liner note data,
if there's other information,
ancillary information,
we can get to that.
Oops, hit two of them.
Sound samples are created.
One of the things that's unique to us is
that we actually hand listen or listen
individually to the sound samples.
We have an operator that actually
selects the hook or selects what he
feels that the listener is going to
identify as the best part of the song,
and we actually drill down to that
and then create the sound sample
for the 30 seconds around that.
Sound sample creation is also integrated
into our supply chain as well.
At the point that we create the
tape masters or the audio masters
that are going to create our
content is at the point that we
also create the sound samples.
Because of that,
the sound samples are in addition
inspected 100% so that we know that
the quality of them are just as good.
I wanted to speak a little bit
about AAC as a quality encode.
We are so pleased to have Apple and
to pick MPEG-4 and AAC as the codec
of choice for a couple of reasons.
One is that we have a lot of legacy
content because we've been using
AAC and we think it's a great codec.
We've been doing listening tests,
we've done double blind tests with it,
and it's probably the best codec you're
going to get as a near CD experience,
and it just keeps getting better.
So we really like the fact
that they've picked that and
that they've picked MPEG-4,
which is essentially a standard.
The other thing is that as I say,
it does compare well as we've
done listening tests with the
waves at the higher bit rates.
We're currently encoding at
128 bit rates for a lot of the
stuff that we're now delivering.
We've also investigated
newer and newer versions,
and they are getting better and better,
even at the lower bit rates.
We've done some extensive testing of
AAC+, and we're now looking at the
point at which that may be integrated
into our electronic supply chain.
It's performed very well
for a lot of our tests.
Future Development.
We'd like to see more developers
take advantage of using command
line capabilities of Mac OS X.
That's another great thing,
is that we're really happy
with Mac OS X with the
BSD Unix shell in there,
so that we can have command line access,
command line executables
that we can use to do massive
encodes and stuff like that.
It's been really good for us so far.
They will help other content
providers create lots of content.
What we want to see is just a lot
of content out of there that's
available for people to get to.
We're working on,
and we would like to see,
the development of tools that
will allow the conversion of
legacy AAC content to QuickTime.
We have a lot of AAC content that
we've created for other vendors
like Liquid and others like
Music Match and stuff like that,
where we have AAC content that
we could convert to MPEG-4
and QuickTime 6 content.
We want to get that out there as well.
This is a couple of quick shots
of our content preparation team.
This is where we do 100% listening
of the audio to check the WAV files.
It's one of our listeners.
They go through and
check off all the WAVs,
and then they also make
sure that the UPCs,
the file name is correct,
and that the metadata is
correct as well on that.
This is Eric is listening to and
creating the actual sound samples.
He picks the hook and the sound sample,
edits it down to 30 seconds,
put in the fades,
and creates the individual sound samples.
And as you can see with
that nice G3 there,
we use Mac hardware as long as we can.
And the thing is that
it does have a long,
wonderful life because we can use,
we've used some of our
older machines forever.
And this is master
preparation in this case.
I think this individual
is using Pro Tools.
Most of our professional
audio tools or Sonic Solution
Pro Tools are all Mac based.
As well as our video encoding,
we do all the video encoding
of music videos in our area.
This is one of our video encoders.
This is Julie doing one of
the music videos which goes
into our asset repository.
It does the video encoding.
We feed it in from our video room,
which is just out of sight
in the room next door,
through SDI off of a
DigiBeta into a CineWave,
and then do our subsequent
QuickTime encodes from there.
And this is our massive encoding engines.
We've got a lot of 1 GHz.
This is only part of it.
1 GHz CPUs.
We're starting to integrate
some Darwin machines into this
to do encoding for QuickTime,
MPEG-4, and other stuff that
we can deliver to Ben.
Ben and I are anxiously trying to get
down the road and doing all of this.
Next to that, which is just out of sight,
we have our own Cisco switch,
which fiber connects to a 35
terabyte server upstairs where
we load the content onto.
But anyway,
that's just a quick look at the stuff
that we're doing and the stuff that we're
creating to support listening parties and
to provide the content that's necessary.
So I'm going to turn this over to Ryan.
He's going to go over some
of the details on actually
creating the listening parties.
Thank you.
Well,
now that you know that listening parties
are a great idea and that AAC is awesome,
let's kind of go over what the
process is to make these happen.
I'm going to talk a little bit about
the encoding process and some of the
tools involved at all these steps.
The encoding preparation, posting,
and the serving side of things.
So first,
let's talk about encoding and hinting.
So, of course you all know that
the QuickTime player does an
excellent job of encoding AAC.
Actually, you can even use a little
tool called AppleScript.
And start scripting it and
create your own poor man's
version or smart man's version,
if Sal corrected me yesterday,
of Cleaner.
So, these things are actually available
on Sal's website to download
and encode all of your audio.
Of course, Cleaner,
so it's a great version to do if you
have video especially involved and
do pre-processing and handle quite
a bit of all your processing needs.
Compressor,
our own little tool that integrates
very well with Final Cut Pro.
and iTunes.
So if you're going to do strictly audio,
the encoder for MP3s and
AAC in iTunes is incredible.
So it's a really great way,
and especially since it includes
all the metadata on the file names.
It's a good thing to do.
And then there's this nifty
little tool called Qt Media.
This is actually included in
the next version of OS X Server.
It goes along with QTSS.
It's a command line tool that you can
use to automate all of the hinting,
the fast starting, and annotation data of
any QuickTime media.
So it's a really neat thing to use.
And so you can execute a Perl
script or whatever you need,
a shell script,
to make this happen if you
have large batches of data.
And it's interesting to note this.
When you actually create media,
most people have a real problem when
they try to receive it from a server.
They get a 415 error.
What is this thing?
Well, you get this error if you
don't actually hint your media.
So Apple Script is a great way to do it.
If you haven't already
done it to your media,
you can use a quick Apple Script from
a sales website to do a
batch hint of all your files,
or you can use that QT Media,
which is really neat.
So now let's talk a bit about
once you got these files,
what do you do with it?
You got to put it on
a server of some kind.
So QGSS or Darwin handles this well.
They're both free,
available with N2QGSS pre-installed
in Mac OS X server.
And DSS is the Darwin version,
the open source version of our server
that's available for free on our website.
And it's available for, I think,
pre-compiled for NT and Linux and
all kinds of other fun stuff.
You need some kind of FTP software?
Pop them up on the server.
And a web browser.
That's all you need.
Once you've got that, you're done.
So that with QuickTime Pro,
and you've got a
complete encode solution,
and you're ready to go.
So let's talk a bit about the preparation
and the posting of the process.
Once you got these files,
you got to throw them up on the
server using your FTP software.
You put them in the, on the server,
you put them in your library
QuickTime Streaming Server directory.
And now what?
What do you do?
Well, it's really simple,
just a couple of clicks.
I'm just going to go through it here.
You select the playlist.
You want to start a new one.
It takes you here, you click on the
New Movie Playlist button,
link, and this is the last step.
All you do is you give it a name,
you select the play mode,
and there are three play modes.
Sequential,
which steps through your whole list of
items in your playlist one at a time,
but then stops the
playlist once it's done.
Or there's sequential, looped,
which does the same thing,
but it loops it at an infinite
item until you decide,
hey, enough of that.
And then there's the
random weighted version,
which you can also set the
weight in the playlist.
And that's that little
column on the right there.
You can say, I want to play this 5, 1, 2,
up to 10.
And basically,
that weights it in the list,
and it plays it randomly
based upon that weight.
So if you have a 10,
it's 10 times more likely than
a 1 to appear in the playlist.
It's very handy to do if you're going
to actually do this for a long time.
You can even do a radio station that way,
should you so desire.
And with the latest version
of QuickTime Streaming Server,
you can upload and change
the playlists on the fly,
which is kind of nice.
So you really can get a kind
of a radio way of-- you could
create your own radio station.
A number of college stations
have actually done this.
It's interesting to note
this mount point thing.
This is actually the
most confusing thing,
perhaps, of the whole process.
This is what you're going to call,
basically, the link to your playlist.
And I'll show you exactly
how that plays out here.
Say you have a server named Dr.
Evil.
This would be, if you created an Interpol
playlist and called it
Interpol.stp as your mount point,
this would be your link to your playlist.
Really pretty straightforward.
You type that into the
QuickTime player in the open URL,
command U,
and you'll be able to receive it,
no problem, if you've already hit start.
Which, all you have to do is
hit that play button,
and you're done.
You're going.
So it's that simple.
I mean, it's really basic.
And this is basically, it becomes live.
So it's recorded media
that you can serve out,
and it's streamed so people
can't randomly access the list
if you don't want them to,
which is quite nice.
So let's talk a little
bit about the delivery,
what actually happens after this.
You have to prepare it in some way
to make it actually presentable
to people so they can see it and
have an enjoyable experience,
especially if you have
an audio only playlist.
You want to have some
kind of visual experience.
So you need a couple of tools.
You need Make Ref Movie,
which prepares - it's a
free tool on our website,
and it just creates a Ref Movie,
which is a way to put one link
on your web page and based
upon the selection of the user,
they say they have a 300 kilobits
- they can receive up to ISDN,
say.
So they can - it figures out
which bit rate they should get
based upon what they've selected.
So if they have that ISDN,
they can get a 100k stream,
it feeds them a 100k stream.
That simple.
And I'll go a bit into
that in the next slide.
Apple scripts, like I said,
on Sal's site - there's a whole bunch
that help you with preparation of the
media after you have them on the server,
the Ref Movies and add
annotations and such.
And also the Nkuchi StreamSplicer,
which is another free tool that we
have that allows you in a live stream,
so even if you're using Broadcaster,
if you have a 28k stream and you
want to have a video experience,
you use this tool and it puts
that onto the stream for you.
And you use that on Ref Movies,
not on the media itself.
So then you create your ref movie.
So I've got three links here.
I have a 56, 100,
and 300K version of the stream.
And you can have an uber ref movie,
a ref movie that figures out,
that's the one you put on your web page.
It figures out what bit rate you've
got and gives you the stream.
So that points to three other
ref movies in this case that
points to the SDP files.
So those three ref movies in the
middle have the links that are above.
And the reason I do that is it kind of,
you don't have to ever
update the uber ref movie.
You can just leave that alone.
You don't have to change your website.
You don't have to change anything.
You just change the files
that are on your server,
which is kind of handy.
So then you have to put on your website.
Well, there's this nasty,
nasty tag named the object tag that
allows you to get around the whole
IE not using Netscape style plug-ins.
So don't worry about this.
There's a link later on that tells
you where to get all this information
and how to put it together yourself.
But this is what you put into your
web page to basically launch the
QuickTime player from your web page
or launch the QuickTime plug-in.
So now there's just a couple
delivery options I want to go over.
See, if you have an audio-only stream,
say you want to add some annotation data,
and you want to display that alongside.
Well,
you can stream QuickTime-- in QuickTime,
you can stream text tracks as well.
So that's what this radio station,
AV Deck-- they do an indie radio
out of England-- they give you
some annotation data along with it,
and it changes with every song.
So it's really kind of neat.
Or you can throw in some video tracks,
like I said before.
You can put it in and put it in with
the stream itself so that it changes
with by song or anything like that.
It's really quite nice.
You get some wonderful video experience.
And then also, you can put on top of this
with QuickTime an href track.
So if somebody were to
actually click on it,
you have a button on there that says,
hey, click here to buy now,
or click here to see the website or
listen more or whatever you want.
They can click on that,
it launches a web browser
and puts it right next to it.
It's a really neat experience.
We actually have that
in the QuickTime player.
You can--we do it all the time.
If you--when you launch
it the first time,
it comes up with something
we call the QTPix.
And it'll--you can click on that and
it'll take you usually to the website
or to the Quick--iTunes music store,
anything like that.
and now I'm going to bring up
John Anderson here to show you what's
coming next with QuickTime Streaming
Server and some great tools that we have.
So as he said, I'm John Anderson.
I'm an engineer on the
QuickTime Streaming Server team.
And what I'm showing you
today is QTSS Publisher.
And basically,
this is a way to automate a
lot of the things that Ryan was
just kind of talking about.
So, I mean,
you can go through and you can
make the ref movie yourself.
You can make sure that
the movie is hinted.
You can go through and
create your web page.
Make the object tags with all the
embed tags inside of them by hand.
And, you know,
I'm sure you'll go home with a smile
on your face at the end of the day.
But there will be an easier way.
And that's the publisher.
And so I'm going to go
ahead and start this up.
Now,
what this does is you run this on any
Mac on your network or basically any
Mac that has access to your server.
And you connect to your server.
And then in your library,
this is very similar to iTunes.
So in your library,
you can see a comprehensive list,
basically, of all of the media that's
been uploaded to your server.
And if you want to upload something new,
then all you do is just
drag it up from the Finder.
And you can pick where you
want it to go on the server.
Now, this is a JPEG,
so I'm not going to bother uploading it.
And you can also see your library
both in hierarchical view,
and you can see it in list view as well.
So lots of neat options there.
So I'm going to open up
my notes real quick here,
so I don't get off track.
The next thing that we're going to do is,
I'm just going to go ahead and
click on one of these files here.
We'll go to Losing Grip for example.
We'll go to Settings.
This is actually a video file.
But you can see in your settings here,
you can edit the movie annotations.
Now this is a beta.
There's going to be more annotations
in the final version to match
basically the annotations that
are in the QuickTime player.
This means that instead of
having to download a movie
and change the annotations,
or instead of having to use command line
tools or something like that remotely,
you can just go in right here and
change the annotations and apply them.
There's also this URL tab.
And what it does is,
basically what you're
looking at is a repository.
So anything you put in here is not
immediately publicly available.
It's basically there
for you to work with.
So you can go in and once you
check this media is available
for streaming checkbox,
then you get a URL.
So there's no question about like,
you know, how do I get to this movie?
What's the RTSP URL for this movie?
It's right there.
So I mean you can click on it
and test it and see the movie.
I'm evidently not getting audio.
Never mind.
So...
I think I may be working without notes.
The next step I'm going to
do is I'm going to look into
some of these playlists here.
You can see there's media playlists,
which you would use for
MPEG-4 or AAC files.
And of course there's MP3 playlists
if you want to do shoutcast streaming.
But you want to do AAC.
I've just determined that for you.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm
going to create a new media playlist,
and I'm just going to
call it Listening Party.
So that's going to pop me over right
away into the settings for the playlist.
And I'm going to go into
this hierarchical view,
just so I can go into
my Liz Phair CD here.
And I'm just going to go ahead and select
the whole thing and drag it down there.
And again,
you can set the play mode and everything.
It's got all the features
that the web admin has.
But in addition,
you have this option here,
which is you can broadcast manually,
which is where you just click
start at any given time and click
stop when you want it to stop.
And you can also broadcast
at a specific time.
So you can actually make a
listening party available at,
in this case, a few days ago at noon.
Or you can run it weekly.
So those are kind of neat options.
And it saves you from having to write
a cron script or something like that.
So...
So one thing that's important
to note as well is that,
like I said,
this is all-- unlike when you
put things in the Movies folder
to add them to Playlists,
these are not available on demand.
So you can actually make it so
that movies are available only
through this Listening Party.
And once the Listening Party stops,
then the movies are no longer available.
So that's a nice feature as well.
And it's the same thing here.
I'm going to go here and
manually start the Playlist.
So, should be broadcasting at this point.
And you'll notice here
I go to the URL tab,
and if I click on that, then I should...
So you can hear the playlist.
It's in progress.
It's a live broadcast.
So yeah, I mean,
you could take that URL and use it
to make the ref movie and create all
the tags and everything like that.
But that seems a bit inconvenient.
So what we're going to do here is
we're going to go to the Links tab.
And what you can see here is
basically a list of everything
that's publicly available.
So every movie that you've
made available for streaming,
every playlist that you've set
up is going to show up right here
comprehensively in this links view.
And over here in the display tab,
this basically describes how you're
going to embed this in the page.
So, for example,
I could go in here and I could say,
just autoplay it.
As soon as they open
this particular web page,
start playing the stream.
There's a bandwidth tab that you
can go in here and basically set
up a multi-bit rate breath movie.
So this is what he was talking about
where you can actually set up different
streams for different bandwidths.
And then there's an HTML tab.
And so if you have your favorite
HTML editor already set up,
like BBEdit or Dreamweaver or
whatever it is that you use,
I don't want to offend
any developers out there,
I'm going to go ahead and open up
BBEdit because I have it on here.
And I'm going to make the
world's simplest web page.
So I'm just going to
say new HTML document.
I'm not even going to title it.
Let's take this code and
drag it right into BBEdit.
Unimaginative Name,
and drag it onto Safari.
You see I have a web page with that
content already embedded in it.
So that's pretty cool.
But the next step is to be able to take
that and run it through a template,
and get an entire web page out of it.
And the engine that we use
for this is an Apache engine.
The standard is XSL.
So it's a very powerful standard.
You could even have it make a
web page and a PDF file to go
along with it if you wanted to.
I mean, there's lots of neat stuff
you can do with that.
And so I'm just going to go ahead
and highlight this listening party.
And I'm going to go back
to the Display tab here,
and change it to say I want
to open the QuickTime player.
We like it when things open
in the QuickTime player.
And I'm going to take this JPEG here
that just says click here to listen.
Again, not terribly imaginative,
but whatever.
And so we've set it up differently now.
It's going to embed it in the
page a little bit differently.
And so now what I'm going to
do is just click Make Web Page.
And I have a template set
up called Listening Party.
And I'm just going to call it--
I have no imagination here.
I'm going to call this Listening Party.
So that's the name of my page.
I think I'll actually-- yeah.
So what this is doing actually
now is it's running it through
that Apache XSL engine.
It's creating all the ref
movies on the fly right there.
And now we have a page.
And so I can click on this,
and it will open the stream
in the QuickTime player,
hopefully.
Okay, so we're running a beta OS,
so I'm going to go ahead and force
the QuickTime player to quit,
and give that another try.
And if it doesn't work,
then you get the idea.
Yeah,
apparently I needed more creative names.
But I think you can probably use your
imagination and realize that you would
be hearing Liz Phair right now if
you weren't seeing the spinny cursor.
So that's...
That's the publisher.
Kind of a cool tool.
And that's coming out with Panther.
So I hope you all look
forward to seeing it.
And who's up next?
That's the way it is by the sort
of fifth session that I've hosted.
That's the first crash I've seen,
so you're fine, John.
That's okay.
Anyway, thank you.
That was really good.
And clearly, you know,
sort of we use the context of a listening
party with albums and songs and either
the longer display that Ben was talking
about for albums that need exposure or
for the newer albums that are events.
But this is obviously applicable to
the audio and video that makes up a
course at higher education and K through
12 and in learning institutions.
Any sort of series of assets can be
played sequentially or randomly or
in a weighted random way to do that.
So now what I'd like to
do is I guess invite,
you know, all of our speakers up and
we'll try and do a Q&A.